{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There files simulate addition of heat from a 1 cm tube into a 2 cm tube in a concentric geomtetry.  The 2 cm tube is assumed to be insulated on the outside, and is filled with air at 1 MPa.   The full model is saved as IG master.  The variables given include reference temp and pressure Po and To, the ideal gas constant R_air, the inner and outer diameters do and di.   These are used to find the heated mass m.\
\
Tw is the wall temp of the inner tube, while Ti is the initial fluid temp.  g is the gravitational constant.  The fluid properties k, cp, visa, and Pr are assumed to be constant.\
\
The solution uses the correlation for free convection from a heated cylinder.  This contains errors but is a useful first estimate.   The solution time marches from t   = 0 with a time step dt.\
\
Along the way it updates the fluid temperature Tc, which is what we are solving for.  Tf is the film temperature in the boundary layer.   The Rayleigh number Ra_d, the Nusselt number Nu_d, and the heat transfer coefficient h are re-calculated at each time step.\
\
For ML purposes, this file was used to create a number of trajectory.   These are saved as IG_Tw_Ti, where Ti is the initial temp and Tw is the wall temp.  For example. IG_590_500.csv is a case with a wall temp of 590 K and an initial temp of 500K.}